# 全网最全外文书籍下载公众号，更多文章请点击阅读原文，即可搜索下载原版英文电子书
## The One-Page Project Manager for Execution: Drive Strategy & Solve Problems with a Single Sheet of Paper
<b>Drive Strategy With Simplicity–On A Single Sheet Of Paper!</b><p><i>The One-Page Project Manager</i> set a new standard as an understandable and easy-to-apply organizational tool, allowing managers to summarize complex projects on a single information-rich page. This book, third in the OPPM series, describes how to combine the OPPM with the Toyota A3 report to create an enhanced, integrated management tool. With a refreshingly clear style, the authors walk users through implementing the OPPM/A3 using a variety of real-world case studies, as well as their own experience at O.C. Tanner Company. Rich with tools, templates, and teaching, the emphasis throughout remains on maintaining simplicity across the organization—communicating the right information to the right people at the right time to get the right things done. <p> Praise for The One-Page Project Manager <p> "Executives want the answers to two questions: Where are we today? Where will we end up? Do you really believe this cannot be accomplished on a single sheet of paper? The One-Page Project Manager series of books is encouraging you to do just that. Making this part of your Project Management methodology will simplify and improve your project communication, especially for busy executives."<br> —Harold D. Kerzner, PhD, Senior Executive Director, <p> International Institute for Learning, Inc. <p> Clark Campbell fills a void and bridges a communication gap that has long existed between company executives and project or program managers. OPPM successfully links corporate strategy to those in the trenches managing projects."<br> —Dr. Denis R. Petersen, PMP <p> President and CEO, Milestone Management Consultants, LLC <p> "Clark Campbell and Mike Collins present how OPPM works to drive strategy deployment. With OPPM in our lean tool kit, we have tapped into the creativity of our people to pump up <p> productivity, cut cycle times, reduce inventories, and sustain world-class quality."<br> —Harold Simons, Executive Vice President, Supply Chain, O.C. Tanner Company <p> Member of the Shingo Prize Board of GovernorsContent: <br>Chapter 1 OPPM and Strategy Execution (pages 1–8): <br>Chapter 2 What is an OPPM? (pages 9–42): <br>Chapter 3 OPPM for ISO 9000 (pages 43–52): <br>Chapter 4 An Introduction to the A3 (pages 53–61): <br>Chapter 5 OPPM/A3 for ISO 9000 (pages 62–89): <br>Chapter 6 The Project Management Office and Execution (pages 90–106): <br>Chapter 7 OPPMS, A3s, and Strategy Deployment (pages 107–140): <br>Chapter 8 The Use of the OPPM/A3 in Problem Solving (pages 141–153): 
## Model-Driven and Software Product Line Engineering
<p>Many approaches to creating Software Product Lines have emerged that are based on Model-Driven Engineering. This book introduces both Software Product Lines and Model-Driven Engineering, which have separate success stories in industry, and focuses on the practical combination of them. It describes the challenges and benefits of merging these two software development trends and provides the reader with a novel approach and practical mechanisms to improve software development productivity.<br />The book is aimed at engineers and students who wish to understand and apply software product lines and model-driven engineering in their activities today. The concepts and methods are illustrated with two product line examples: the classic smart-home systems and a collection manager information system.</p>Content: <br>Chapter 1 Introduction (pages 1–15): <br>Chapter 2 Software Product Line Engineering Basics (pages 17–57): <br>Chapter 3 Model?Driven Engineering (pages 59–99): <br>Chapter 4 Model?Driven and Software Product Line Engineering (pages 101–138): <br>Chapter 5 The FieSta Framework: Fine?Grained Derivation and Configuration (pages 139–160): <br>Chapter 6 Tools Support (pages 161–190): <br>Chapter 7 A Second Comprehensive Application Example (pages 191–211): <br>Chapter 8 Further Reading (pages 213–242): <br>Chapter 9 Conclusion (pages 243–255): 
## Multimedia Storage and Retrieval: An Algorithmic Approach
The success of multimedia information systems to adequately meet the needs of accessing and presenting audio/video information from a large multimedia server depends heavily on the proper use of storage and retrieval algorithms suitable for this task. <p><i>Multimedia Storage and Retrieval</i> describes various algorithms from simple to sophisticated: from single user to multiple users, from constant-bit-rate to variable-bit-rate streams, and from single disk to multiple disks. This book emphasizes storage and retrieval of video data using magnetic disk systems and its elementary, mathematical approach concentrates on the fundamental algorithms. <ul><li>Provides those new to the subject with the basic principles of the design and analysis of video-on-demand systems and guides the reader towards a thorough understanding of the field. <li>Comprehensively covers disk scheduling algorithms, including round robin, double and triple buffering, grouped sweeping, and dual sweep. <li>Extensively treats storage strategies, including contiguous and segmented storage, track pairing, striping, and random redundant storage. <li>Concludes with further optimizations in the area of video transmission, covering bit-rate smoothing and near video-on-demand strategies. </ul> Senior undergraduate and graduate students on computer science and electrical engineering courses will all find this book appealing. Researchers and those in industry will also find it an invaluable reference.Content: <br>Chapter 1 Introduction (pages 1–10): <br>Chapter 2 Modeling Servers and Streams (pages 11–28): <br>Chapter 3 Serving a Single CBR Stream (pages 29–44): <br>Chapter 4 Serving Multiple CBR Streams (pages 45–66): <br>Chapter 5 Serving Multiple VBR Streams (pages 67–92): <br>Chapter 6 File Allocation Strategies (pages 93–110): <br>Chapter 7 Using a Multi?Zone Disk (pages 111–130): <br>Chapter 8 Striping (pages 131–153): <br>Chapter 9 Random Redundant Storage (pages 155–182): <br>Chapter 10 Bit?Rate Smoothing Algorithms (pages 183–199): <br>Chapter 11 Near Video?on?Demand Strategies (pages 201–229): 
## Nursing Care of Children and Young People with Chronic Illness
Children and young people suffering from long-term conditions require continuing support and nursing care throughout their lives. <i>Nursing Care of Children and Young People with Chronic Illness</i> explores chronic disease management in the context of recent developments, including the National Service Framework for Children. It addresses the aetiology of chronic illness and the impact on the child’s family. It also explores holistic approaches to caring for their social, physical and psychological needs, and highlights the importance of the nurse’s role in promoting children and their parents as ‘expert patients’. <br><p><i>Nursing Care of Children and Young People with Chronic Illness</i> is a comprehensive, up-to-date resource for nursing students and practitioners on the context, theory and practice of assessing health needs, and the delivery of holistic care and services within a variety of care settings, to enable them to meet the changing needs of children and young people with chronic illnesses and diseases, and their families. <br><ul><br><li>The first nursing-specific text related to the care of children & young people with chronic illness </li><br><li>Incorporates case studies & scenarios throughout to enable readers to gain an understanding of the application of concepts & theories in practice </li><br><li>Covers care aspects of the child and young person in different settings including tertiary, secondary, primary health care and the home</li><br><li>Written in the context of the NSF for Children </li></ul>Content: <br>Chapter 1 The Definition and Aetiology of Chronic Illness (pages 1–28): Fay Valentine and Suzanne Hazell<br>Chapter 2 Context of Care and Service Delivery (pages 29–54): Fay Valentine and Peter Mcnee<br>Chapter 3 Impact Upon the Child and Family (pages 55–83): Lesley Lowes<br>Chapter 4 A Holistic Approach to Meeting Physical, Social and Psychological Needs (pages 84–106): Beverly Hodges and Julia Tod<br>Chapter 5 Empowering Children, Young People and Their Families (pages 107–130): Mandy Brimble<br>Chapter 6 Ethical Issues (pages 131–156): Peter Mcnee and Maggie Furness<br>Chapter 7 Continuing Care Needs (pages 157–182): Melda Price and Sian Thomas<br>Chapter 8 Acute Emergencies (pages 183–202): Peter Mcnee and Martina Nathan<br>Chapter 9 Adolescence (pages 203–233): Sian Bill and Yvonne Knight<br>Chapter 10 Transitional Care (pages 234–255): Sian Bill and Beverly Hodges
## Oppositional Defiant Disorder and Conduct Disorder in Childhood
A concise and accessible exploration of cutting-edge literature of the risk factors contributing to the development of ODD and CD, primarily in pre-school and primary children. <ul><li>Precise, focused and up-to-date overview of Oppositional Defiant Disorder and Conduct Disorder Literature <li>Presents assessment methods and evidence-based intervention strategies <li><div>Well-known and prolific authoring teamContent: <br>Chapter 1 Behaviours and Disorders (pages 1–10): <br>Chapter 2 Developmental Perspectives (pages 11–23): <br>Chapter 3 Basic Issues on Aetiology (pages 25–31): <br>Chapter 4 Individual Characteristics (pages 33–65): <br>Chapter 5 Environmental Characteristics (pages 67–92): <br>Chapter 6 Clinical Assessment (pages 93–116): <br>Chapter 7 Intervention and Intervention Development (pages 117–127): <br>Chapter 8 Behavioural Parent Training (pages 129–139): <br>Chapter 9 Cognitive?Behavioural Therapy (pages 141–157): <br>Chapter 10 Pharmacotherapy (pages 159–166): <br>Chapter 11 Multicomponent Intervention (pages 167–179): <br>Chapter 12 Factors that Influence Intervention Delivery and Outcomes (pages 181–200): 

# 点击阅读原文下载正版电子书吧